[Workers] Add clear route instructions (#8575)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/platform/triggers/routes.md

#### Domains and subdomains must have a DNS Record

> All domains and subdomains must have a [DNS record](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-us/articles/360019093151#h_60566325041543261564371) to be proxied on Cloudflare and used to invoke a Worker. For example, if you want to put a Worker on `myname.example.com`, and you have added `example.com` to Cloudflare but have not added any DNS records for `myname.example.com`, any request to `myname.example.com` will result in the error `ERR_NAME_NOT_RESOLVED`.

Reviewer: Why did you add that `support.cloudflare.com` address? We aren't using this anymore

> All domains and subdomains must have a [DNS record](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-us/articles/360019093151#h_60566325041543261564371) to be proxied on Cloudflare and used to invoke a Worker. For example, if you want to put a Worker on `myname.example.com`, and you have added `example.com` to Cloudflare but have not added any DNS records for `myname.example.com`, any request to `myname.example.com` will result in the error `ERR_NAME_NOT_RESOLVED`.

Author: ```suggestion
All domains and subdomains must have a [DNS record](/dns/manage-dns-records/how-to/create-dns-records/) to be proxied on Cloudflare and used to invoke a Worker. For example, if you want to put a Worker on `myname.example.com`, and you have added `example.com` to Cloudflare but have not added any DNS records for `myname.example.com`, any request to `myname.example.com` will result in the error `ERR_NAME_NOT_RESOLVED`.
```
